everybody welcome back to nor the lion
plays the binding magic after birth plus
we're moving on to the pride day
challenge I started one I got two rooms
in the 8th a granola bar like 15 minutes
ago started getting granola throat you
might not know what the heck granola
throat is I didn't know what granola
throat was until I started talking all
day for a living and it's like when you
apparently like a little piece of food
you ate like 20 minutes ago for some
reason just Nestle's itself right there
in your vocal chords so you think you're
fine and then you started talking all of
a sudden you're like wow it was song
yeah I've got the granola it's less of
like the frog voice and more of like
just like sand and your vocal chords so
I figured you know what we're two rooms
deep it's not a run that's like part of
a streak it's a standalone challenge so
we're probably good to go here after
Pride Day comes on on streak ona and
streak own on own and I have it's a
biblical thing I as a result I have no
knowledge of the way it's actually
pronounced because I have Church anxiety
whenever I end up in church in like ahem
get some for whatever reason I'm always
like are they gonna know that I don't
know anything about this am I gonna be
like communicated and then
excommunicated I don't understand but
either way I figured we just restart and
this is one that should be on the easier
side ona and streak is tough this is not
on industry that comes next but on that
one every time you miss a shot you take
damage every time you miss the shot you
take a shot if you know what I mean on
this one though we start with three
dollar bill which is mostly pretty good
maybe even pretty great and then on top
of that we also have rainbow baby which
is not particularly good but it's not
bad you know it's better to have rainbow
baby than not but sure is is it worth
the item rooms that we lose probably
three dollar bill might be worth a
couple of item rooms if you look at the
expected value in the world's most
boring way possible is rainbow baby
no absolutely not so we do have some
stuff in there we might be interested in
but we're gonna ignore that for now as
with a lot of challenges in Isaac this
one pretty much boils down to do we have
that is kind of like classically strong
this is one of those ones that is not
really a gimmick in terms of the actual
mechanics and it to be honest to you I
don't like these ones as much this one
is more just a gimmick in terms of like
well we've got a couple of items that
you know maybe thematically share a
little bit of similarity for whatever
reason so we'll Thema run around that
like life gives you lemons is another
example it's just kind of like it's okay
it's nice to have a novelty run but not
particularly not not something you play
again multiple times as I guess what I'm
trying to say there so we got a Guppies
collar we got the mark I'm going for
broke on this one I'm mad that the
brains run ended in despair even though
I think that was only partly my own
fault I'm gonna pop this mmm one bomb
remaining in theory I think that dull
razor could be pretty good it doesn't do
anything for us at the present moment
ooh but it might with a theme so let's
spend all your money on me and spending
time on me like wow that's pretty good
as well like Fergie said in my humps the
Black Eyed Peas doubtless magnum opus
grab this sorry I forgot I shouldn't
speak Aladdin in videos um SiC transit
gloria glory fades let's head down to
the next floor carpe diem seize the fish
we we haven't gotten too many chances
recently to look at dull razor the
little-known sequel to Hellraiser but
dole razor is actually great if we can
get something that really makes it work
and honestly a theme might be it but I'm
kind of waiting until we get on a room
with more enemies on it before I try it
out here basically it gives you any
effects you might get when you take
damage so for us in this case that means
we get the same effects which means we
could generate black cards off of it
which is pretty meaningful we can't
change trinkets I guess we have rainbow
worm as well that's kind of the other
the other thematic element that makes
this a novelty so
every two rooms mm it's worth one bomb
except we only have one bomb once every
two rooms we'll be able to take a crack
at getting some demon hearts which are
actually really really good so I
actually think that dull razor I thought
we got something there dull razor
combined with the Thames is like
potentially game-winning in and of
itself in fact I might not even say
potentially I might just say like quite
literally game-winning in and of itself
we just have to live long enough to
actually make that dream come true if we
can get like nine volt that would be
basically a death sentence for the for
the challenge like it would get dusted
in extreme fashion with extreme
prejudice
nokey i did not get hurt there and we
got three demon hearts out of it like
the other thing is that if this run
starts to pop in the manner that it's
popping was that a key I heard maybe not
if this run continues to pop in the
manner in which it's been popping we can
just start walking into enemies because
especially if we get the ability to use
this dull razor more than once a room
well actually get or stand to get as
much HP back as we spend plus we'll get
the value of using the the dull razor on
the enemies in the first place but not
the ideal enemy for this but like pretty
close the hollow would have been 10 in a
10 this is like you know a straight six
if you know what I mean so I'm just
gonna keep shooting at you one day
you're gonna pop up and then you're done
then we can kill these guys deal with
the devil totally fine we got the red
heart to back it up right now we got
more red hearts I think you know we
could still become guppy as well which
would be nice
so let's work our way down there that
could be our secret room so we might
just need two bombs instead of one key
to get into the shop with the shop is
fairly important to me right now because
it holds many items that could
eventually turn into being able to use
dull razor more frequently
even like a second trinket would be
pretty useful right now I would pay for
mom's purse there we go we got a key we
got some money pretty lucky get let's
just go see what we get in our curse
room got two bombs and curse of the
tower now curse of the tower is like the
exact opposite of what we want to take
here you might say oh you'll baby why
are you being a baby I actually think
that those people like almost don't
exist anymore if you still watching
Isaac at this point something about the
series has like an enduring legacy for
you you know you enjoy watching and I
feel like I don't need to bring up that
straw man argument of like well you know
blah blah blah um you know I thank you
for continuing to watch and support the
show dude mom's purse we called it now
we can go back and take the I forgot
what this trinket is actually called
locust of it must be locust of death
right it's been a while
locust of locust a famine excuse me all
right well more power to you
yeah you might say I'm being a baby for
this but did you see how the brains
challenge went like I let the game
supply the novelty will just supply the
entertainment and access to said
entertainment and I think that works out
better for us so mom's purse may be like
a solid like b-plus right now something
like that basically allows us to hold a
trinket which will generate a lot of
flies for us far from bad we are missing
out a little bit if we could just use it
once per room we're so unbelievably set
it's like Tammy's head and mob the void
all combined into one wicked sweet item
which is definitely phrasing I use on a
regular basis wicked sweep
we're also gaining like an absurd amount
of demon hearts here I'm not sure if
it's tied to our luck or just you know
we're lucky you know our in-game luck or
our out of game luck if you know what I
mean cuz you know she's so lucky
she's a star but she cries cries cries
gets those diamond hot stinking 15 cents
no joke
dang Keesling sang that at karaoke and
PAX East you wouldn't peg him for a a
Britney Spears lucky era fan but there
he was and you know what he deserves to
do in karaoke whatever he wants to a
karaoke cuz he also did nothing but a G
thang with me without there being any
lyrics on the screen which was very
difficult and as a result you know you
can acquiesce yourself shut if you got a
problem with it not gonna buy anything
here I'm not even gonna buy a key
because the key is not worth the money
right now in my opinion we are only
gonna have ice caves - yeah we're only
have two more shops over the course of
the rest of the run so unless we get
like Guppies tail or something we're not
gonna worry too much about it even
though we did just open a red chest kind
of similarly I feel like you know with
the hero font here and all the HP that
we've accrued we basically have just one
it's not my favorite kind of challenge
because again the challenge is not
mechanics driven it's mostly just like
two items that are similar isn't that
veered but it's alright you know it's
refreshing to have once a little bit on
the easier side maybe it's a nice thing
to do in advance of us doing the own
on-street challenge which is definitely
a little bit more on the difficult side
that challenge could mess with us so I
know Corey you know twitch.tv slash
Black Flag he's a very very good Isaac
player I believe that ona and streak was
the only one that he failed his first
time through
it was either a him or a or cobalt that
said that was the one no cobalt invented
that challenge I think I've got the the
history of that right so
yeah I believe so but anyway it's no
joke I mean the brains challenge is
probably a little bit more annoying just
in terms of like not being able
especially with the the harbingers cost
me a lot they gave me a lot but they
cost me a lot too but anyway well we'll
return to that challenge at some point
and and get it figured out we got it
probably like at least a week of
challenge reduce to do just to get
everything on lock but certainly I'm
looking forward to doing a couple of oh
you want to come in tomorrow hello I'm
looking forward to doing a couple
refresh runs as well just to remind
myself oh right not the whole game as
challenges to be honest with you though
the it's like inside baseball that no
deal with a double its inside baseball
maybe not everybody cares about keep
myself enough HP so I can actually go to
the boss Trap room if necessary but the
Isaac backlog is really not very long at
the present moment which means that I
haven't been doing like I'm not super
advanced as far as like the challenges
go versus what you're seeing right now
you know I might be like two or three
challenges ahead of what you're looking
at right now so it's not like I have a
ton of challenges that I've done in the
back end and can just get back to it so
I'm looking forward to getting back to
the the Refresh experience has been like
a month of doing challenges
I'm drowsy acceptable I don't know why I
tried to thread the needle there and
then stood in place when we got hit
again
it's curse to the unknown curse of the
unknown is like a psychological damage
dude it allows you or it tricks you into
into playing worse or at least it tricks
me into play away now you want to leave
you know you wanna go you know you wanna
stay
tamo wait why you just got in here dude
you don't forget I didn't I didn't open
the door and go to mom come here buddy
you banged on the door and I let you
into the office and now you're going no
can you acquiesce this door for me
maybe I will maybe I won't I mean I will
if you give me the the signal that you
want it to be open but if you if you
just wanted to be open so you can see
outside can't happen if you want to
actually get out there yourself and do
something then by all means you know if
you're all of a sudden you got a poop
oh he's knocking come on get yourself
away don't vomit near my office chair if
you knock then I will acquiesce do not
poop yourself in here hey hey hey yeah
said knock knock knockin on heaven's
door but it didn't really work out very
well
oh the damage on the bright side got a
deal with the devil back dude Judas a
shadow it's like really good we'll
probably never use it cuz we're gaining
HP too quickly but it's not like it's
bad that it exists I will also say
getting a cube of meat is pretty nice
because when we use dull razor you know
on an occasion or two there we use dull
razor we're not able to finish enemies
off with just the same value now as long
as we're little aware of the situation
we can also duck in there with our cube
of mead get a pretty good shot to take
them out before they have any chance to
back off so crack into then we got a bed
we can say you know I'm so negative
about it we might as well I'm negative
about it because it's a distraction you
know there's no need for that that's
that's the opioid of the masses
you know that's that's the little
drizzle uh honey while we're clinging to
the wall of a bottomless pit we're gonna
win this run regardless we don't need to
have three spirit oh it's 3 spirit oh
it's negative 3 spirit arts say it with
me it don't matter we got this I can't
get that black heart now that bothers me
it's trying to kill that invincible
enemy with my Cuba meat wouldn't
necessarily suggest it as a big positive
NL are you ever gonna look up whether or
not luck affects athame you know mob the
void etcetera etc that would take all
the fun out of it dude it's like it's
like looking up the odds of winning the
lottery I know what a conception I think
they should be forced to and I think the
same way about video games like I think
you should be forced if you're a game
developer and you have microtransactions
for loot boxes I think you should be
forced to reveal the percentages of
getting each item in those loot boxes
the same way a casino does that being
said when I roll up to which it never
happens but when I'm in Vegas against my
will and I roll up to a slot machine
I already you know I got twenty bucks in
my pocket that twenty bucks is gone I'm
not gonna look up the win rate on the
side of the screen and be like oh this
one's got a you know 0.91 expected value
this one's got a 0.86 like I'm already
I'm already gambling at that point you
know we're splitting hairs some people
disagree talked about it in a
battlegrounds episode recently so I
don't mean to like dig that up rehash
that old topic but people do disagree
with me to some extent not not many like
it's not like it's a controversial
opinion but I am kind of of the opinion
that loot boxes and games kind of take
advantage of like a a wiring flaw in
human psychology I think there's
something to be said about personal
responsibility you know there's this
great movie called thank you for smoking
which is very popular but if in case you
haven't seen it I would give it my
personal recommend
it's a tough one I think I'm gonna you
know what let's do it I don't think
we've done any cheesy boss rush stuff
plus it gives me a chance to talk so
let's go for it but basically Aaron
Eckhart works as a lobbyist for the the
cigarette industry in that movie and you
kind of see him as like a charismatic
villain and he's got a a nemesis in the
movie as played by the wonderful William
H Macy who is like a Vermont senator
who's like you know there should be
tighter regulations on smoking and as a
nonsmoker you kind of watch that or at
least I did when I was younger and I was
like you know yeah stick it to him right
like this is a predatory industry then
aaron eckhart kind kind of turns it
around on him and it's like yeah well
what about you know cheddar cheese and
then the obesity epidemic like Vermont's
one of the biggest exporters of cheddar
cheese in this whole country and you
know type-2 diabetes and blood pressure
and blah blah blah and you're kind of
like okay I see where you're coming for
I still sorta you know you got to treat
them differently I think but I see where
you're coming from personal
responsibility is important you know I'm
glad we live in a world where you know a
can of soda doesn't cost $8 you know I
think if you if you're an adult and you
know the the risks you should be able to
acquiesce but I know something about
loot boxes and games where I'm like I
feel like the industry has been
disrupted faster than like regulation
could be made not that I want it all
tied up and you know big government
quote-unquote you know the taxation is
theft etc etc basically I don't know
what I'm talking about however I think
if you if you have micro transaction
fees from micro transactions for loot
boxes you should have to put the winning
percentages or the payout percentages it
just allows you to right now there's
like literally no ability to make an
informed decision
it's like putting the nutritional
information in restaurants I actually I
don't like personally that they put the
nutritional information in restaurants
because whenever I go out to eat
something that's bad for me I just kind
of I like being like yeah it's bad for
me but I don't know how bad so there's
like a level of plausible deniability
whereas now I'm like 1300 calories
that's crazy
so
but I think that without the nutritional
information it was like literally
impossible to make an informed decision
you could logically know like yeah Big
Mac is bad for me or whatever but you
don't know what what the actual like
macronutrient breakdown is right it's
the same way you're like you know in
battle grounds or Counter Strike global
Offensive you're like I'm wasting my
money buying these keys but I don't know
to what extent like my am I really
really wasting my money buying these
keys or am I like is there a modest
chance I could come close to recouping
my initial investment anyway that's
that's my two cents in the matter
I'm not saying you know a game dev
should be in jail for this but when I'm
like looking at a game with
microtransactions I'm like why aren't
you telling me to loot the loot drop
rate just seems like you know you got if
you act like there's something to hide
maybe there's something to hide there
that's not really it's kind of a fallacy
you know that's that's like the Patriot
Act fallacy is like well you can look at
my stuff cuz I got nothing to hide but
in this case I actually think it applies
you know just show me if you want to
spend a thousand dollars online on
in-game microtransactions doesn't bother
me I just wish the drop rate was there
so you know you knew what you're getting
roughly an expected value at that
thousand bucks that's my two cents hey
let me out of this room I forgot we
actually get permanent polaroid
invincibility now so I'm still like I'm
glad we did this room but I'm just kind
of like I'm over it sure we got homing
tiers the homing tiers are good let me
out please
pin is there a pin others like a there's
a fake pin how are you still alive this
is too much we haven't lost very much HP
I kind of like I'm getting mine flooded
into thinking I'm playing worse than I
actually am based on the fact that that
every time I use dull razor it makes the
sound of me getting hit I'm like man I'm
really stinking to join up but we're
actually doing like totally fine
yeah whatever hit me you don't have the
guts
dude do you have it no is the answer to
that question in this case
hey stop jumping okay you can't like you
can't hurt me at all here I will slay
you keep in mind that even if we get
hurt well we have a theme we also still
get a theme it's not like just because
we didn't use dull razor we don't get
the ability to actually benefit from
that right so like we're laughing all
the way to the bank basically every time
we get hit here so we get lost flowy and
we're gonna look for tinted rocks and
then head downwards essentially we're
just kind of running out the clock on
this was an easy challenge I'm hopeful
that we get something useful for
finishing this challenge cuz I honestly
do not recall the most wonderful
reindeer of all I really think that
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer it has
like the worst message of any song that
we get children to sing basically like
hey yeah you might get bullied but as
long as you're useful like people will
eventually come around basically the way
the song goes is everybody hates Rudolph
that's not the tune then all the
reindeer loved him because he saved they
loved their jobs they shouldn't have
treated him kindly from the start cuz
that woods
like why aren't they just night here's a
good song for you
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had a
very shiny nose all the other reindeer
minded their own business because
everybody's got problems then one foggy
Christmas Eve santa came to say Rudolph
with your nose so bright won't you guide
my sleigh tonight then all the other
reindeer looked upon Rudolph with
jealousy because he used his genetic
advantage to improve his position at the
company as they shouted out with glee
hooray Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
you're promoted to VP of Finance or
something you know you get the idea I
just think it's kind of like a bad
message the message is like like here
let me put it this way me here's the way
it goes right now they're all mean to
Rudolph and then Rudolph bails them out
on Christmas you know what they should
do then one foggy Christmas Eve santa
came to say Rudolph with your nose so
bright won't you guide my sleigh tonight
Rudolph just then rebuked him I've
reported all these jerks to HR you
should have stopped the bullying from
poisoning your corporate culture you
know and then you know just then Rudolph
gave his notice two weeks on the job if
you give me a bad reference I'll sue you
into the Stone Age like everyone's a
jerk to Rudolph at a job that he's
basically born into he has no choice
then they asked him for help he's well
within his rights to be like I'm not
gonna help you Dana you never let me
join in all your reindeer games what's
the lesson they're pretty good for kids
hey be mean to people because they'll
probably give you like one bailout
before they really get mad at you I much
prefer the lesson of like Santa Claus is
coming to town you know he sees you when
you're sleeping he knows when you're
awake he knows when you've been bad or
good so be good for
goodness sake that's a way better lesson
a little creepy perhaps but it lets you
know kids someone's always watching so
be on your best behavior honestly it's
gonna sound cynical but I think that's a
message kids have no morals
they have like a moral compass that's
created by like Disney movies and then
like their own personal feelings and
their parents and stuff like that but
like a child is a tabula rasa when it
comes to that stuff you know they don't
know what I mean nice and cooperative
you got it you gotta put like extrinsic
checks in there at first that's NL
children are they're beautiful pure and
innocent creatures they were animals
okay that was a teacher I've seen kids
our main dude you got it kids are mean
but they're also pretty dumb so all you
do is go hey don't be mean that's not
nice yeah whatever screw you hey don't
be mean a mythical present-giving demon
is watching and he's not gonna give you
an n64 this Christmas okay I'll be good
you know like we need that sort of
guidance and if you think that doesn't
apply to adults tell me how you drive
normally versus how you drive when
there's a police officer behind you on
the road everybody benefits or society
benefits if everybody thinks that you
know somebody more powerful than them is
just looking over their shoulder a
little bit that's that's my two cents on
life anyway dude I'm on my best behavior
in public all the time when I was 17 I
could be a little bit of a jerk in
public I'm not saying you should and I'm
not saying I really even well I wasn't
one of those kids you see like going
into Walmart smashing them you know bag
a milk on the ground and then go whoo
whoops loose-lipped you know but now
there's always I always think about this
there's always a chance that you know
some guy could bump into me in a busy
day downtown right babe hey watch it
buddy and then it'll be like ungrateful
youtuber goes viral you know I think
that's having even a modicum of a public
image is keeping me honest and keeping
me well-behaved that I think that's a
good thing should you want to do it be
you're innately an amoral creature yeah
but this is better than nothing anyway
we've unlocked the d8 uh it's quite good
for now thanks for watching hope you
guys have enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button outside a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time